---
affiliateUrl: https://saasrock.com/?via=builtatlightspeed
author: alexandromtzg
avatarUrl: https://deifkwefumgah.cloudfront.net/avatars/optimized/alexandromtzg-saasrock-avatar-128.webp
createdAt: '2024-01-30T12:59:33.762Z'
demoUrl: https://saasrock.com/?via=builtatlightspeed
description: >-
  The SaaS Boilerplate to build your MVP with +25 built-in SaaS features: Auth,
  Admin portal, App dashboard, Stripe Subscriptions, Workflows, Blog, Knowledge
  Base, Entity Builder (auto-generated CRUD and API), Events, Email Marketing,
  Page Blocks, Notifications, Onboarding, Feature Flags, and more.
distribution: premium
featured: true
gallery:
  - saasrock-be-admin-dashboard.png
  - saasrock-be-user-management.png
  - saasrock-be-edit-blog-post.png
  - saasrock-fe-landing.webp
  - saasrock-fe-login.png
  - saasrock-fe-pricing.png
  - saasrock-be-subscriptions.png
  - saasrock-be-webhooks.png
  - saasrock-be-entity-builder.png
price: 149
themeKey: alexandromtzg-saasrock
title: Saasrock - Remix Fullstack Boilerplate
category:
  - remix
  - react
  - vite
  - tailwind
  - boilerplate
  - boilerplate
---
The Remix SaaS Development Framework, powered by SaasRock, is designed to launch production-ready SaaS applications quickly and efficiently.

## Feature Summary

- Admin Dashboard
- App Dashboard
- Marketing Pages
- Authentication
- Subscriptions
- Entity Builder
- SaaS Roles and Permissions
- API
- Page Blocks
- Knowledge Base
- Blogging
- Metrics Tracker
- Notifications
- Events and Webhooks
- Audit Trails
- Webhooks
- Workflows
- Cache
- Events
- SEO Optimized
- Accounts and Users
- Affiliates
- Build B2B2C SaaS Apps with Portals

## Features

### Application Dashboard

The end-user portal with the core features of your SaaS.

- Dashboard
- Members & Subscription
- User & Account Settings

### Subscriptions & Payments

Stripe Flat-rate, Per-seat, One-time, and Usage-based pricing models + coupons.

- Flat-rate & Per-seat
- Usage-based
- One-time

### Workflows

Create workflows to automate tasks and processes with advanced blocks.

- Blocks
- Variables and Credentials
- Executions

### Notifications

In-app, Email, and SMS notifications using the open-source infrastructure, novu.

- In-app notifications
- Channels
- Templates

### Entity Builder

Custom entities/properties with autogenerated CRUD, Views, API, and more.

- Custom Properties
- Autogenerated CRUD & API
- Workflow Events

### B2B2C SaaS Apps

Build apps for your customers, their customers, and so on.

- Custom Domains
- Stripe Connect
- Portal Users

### Admin Dashboard

Manage your tenants, users, blog, analytics, logs, subscriptions, and more.

- Accounts, Users...
- Blog, Email Marketing...
- Entities, Workflows...

### Accounts and Users

Manage accounts, users, IP addresses, roles and permissions for your SaaS.

- Accounts & Users
- Roles and Permissions
- Impersonate
- IP Blacklist

### Roles and Permissions

+6 default roles and +30 permissions for you to use or customize.

- Admin Roles
- App Roles
- Custom Permissions

### API Keys

Let your SaaS users use the API for their entity Rows.

- API Keys
- API Docs
- API Usage logs

### Metrics

Track Server-Timing by Function, Route, Type (Loaders,Actions), and more!

- Server-Timing headers
- Track slow pages
- Filter by loaders, actions, user...

### Cache

Cache the most used data to improve performance and reduce database queries.

- Easy to use
- lru-cache, redis...
- +30 optimized queries

### Events (Enterprise)

Trigger workflows when certain events happen with internal or external webhooks.

- Internal events
- Trigger workflows
- Audit logs

### Onboarding (Enterprise)

Create onboarding flows for your end-users with rules and actions.

- Steps (or Actions)
- Filters (or Rules)
- Links, gallery, inputs...

### Feature Flags (Enterprise)

Turn features on and off for your end-users with filters/rules.

- Filters (or Rules)
- Quick A/B testing
- Turn features on/off

### Marketing Pages

+10 pre-built marketing pages to quickly set up your SaaS website.

- Landing Page
- Pricing Page
- +7 more

### Blog

Write, publish, and manage your blog posts with a Markdown editor.

- Markdown and WYSIWYG
- SEO Optimized

### Knowledge Base

Knowledge Base with WYSIWYG editor and AI suggestions

- Multi-knowledge base
- Multi-language
- Markdown and WYSIWYG

### Analytics (Enterprise)

Built-in analytics for page views and events tracking using cookies.

- Unique visitors
- Page views
- Events

### Email Marketing (Enterprise)

Send emails to your contacts and track the email delivery, open, and click rates.

- Email Campaigns
- Track email delivery and clicks
- Multi-sender

### Page Block Builder

Pages, blocks, and SEO tags. +10 default blocks like Heading, Hero, Features...

- Pages
- Blocks
- SEO Tags

### SEO Optimized

Get a 100% health score for your SEO out-of-the-box.

- Quick setup
- Meta Tags
- Sitemap

### Affiliate Program

Use Rewardful to create an affiliate program for your SaaS.

- Rewardful

## Pricing Plans

- **Starter Package** - $149: Reflecting 18 months of development.
- **Core Package** - $499: A ready-for-production SaaS boilerplate.
- **Enterprise Package** - $1,999: An enterprise-level SaaS development framework.

Begin with the Starter Package and upgrade later by paying the difference.
